So in the last year we learned about classes and we learn about properties and methods.
Q Now next generation javascript also offers a different syntax of initializing properties and methods.
And actually it is this more modern syntax all use underscores.
So I want to show it to you here too.
You already learnt that properties are like variables you attach to classes and objects methods are
like functions attached to classes and objects and you'll learn about this syntax where we set up properties
in the constructor function.
Now there is a more modern syntax which spares us using this constructor function with next generation
javascript as we will use it in this course.
You can assign a property directly inside your class with my property equals value.
So you skipped the constructor function call.
Behind the scenes this will still be transformed to use constructor functions.
But you have an easier time writing this and form effets is pretty similar.
This is the old way.
I'll show you in the last lecture.
Now the next generation javascript way is to use the syntax from the left where you set up a property
and simply think of a method as a property which stores a function as a value and then you end up with
that.
My method equals and then an arrow function.
The great advantage of this syntax is that since he was an arrow function as a property value here you've
got no problems with this keyword and that's the exact reason why we will use this syntax here on the
bottom right corner and the syntax on the bottom left corner for this course.
Let me show you the syntax to you.
Back to J s been on the project we already worked on here with the human and the person class.
We can't get rid of the constructor in the human class and get rid of the this keyword.
Just set gender equal to male and print.
Gender can be set equal to an arrow function where we Kohn's a log.
This gender still using this keyword in here when we reach out to the property.
Though you may ignore that arrow for now the same and the person will no longer need the constructor
and we no longer need to call super for that reason.
Instead what we do is we call this name without this just name equal to Max and gender equal female
if you want to and print my name equals an arrow function to like this.
Now if the cleaner does doesn't run this you will get an error because it doesn't recognize to Sendak's
you actually need to go to the dropdown where it says javascript and choose it as.
Babble here.
If you do this and hit clear and run you'll see Max and female.
You'll still see the arrows on the left but you may ignore them.
This is the syntax which is next generation javascript which we will actually use in this course.